docs/api-reference/agents-api-1.md, before:

---
description: API for creating and modifying Users
---

# Users

## List all users

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users" method="get" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Create a new user

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users" method="post" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Get a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="get" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Update a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="put" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Delete a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="delete" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

Commit message:

doc: Add under construction banner to all pages

docs/api-reference/agents-api-1.md, after:

---
description: API for creating and modifying Users
---

*****
> ### This docs site is currently under construction although this github README below should suffice for now.

![](https://i.giphy.com/vR1dPIYzQmkRzLZk2w.webp)
*****



# Users

## List all users

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users" method="get" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Create a new user

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users" method="post" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Get a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="get" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Update a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="put" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}

***

## Delete a specific user by id

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml" path="/users/{user_id}" method="delete" %}
[agents-openapi.yaml](../../.gitbook/assets/agents-openapi.yaml)
{% endswagger %}
